com/example/tr_pamb/databinding/ActivityLoginBinding.java
 com.example.tr_pamb.databinding.ActivityLoginBinding
com/example/tr_pamb/ui/slideshow/SlideshowViewModel.java
 com.example.tr_pamb.ui.slideshow.SlideshowViewModel
com/example/tr_pamb/databinding/ProductItemsLayoutBinding.java
 com.example.tr_pamb.databinding.ProductItemsLayoutBinding
com/example/tr_pamb/Prevalent/Prevalent.java
 com.example.tr_pamb.Prevalent.Prevalent
com/example/tr_pamb/databinding/ContentHomeBinding.java
 com.example.tr_pamb.databinding.ContentHomeBinding
com/example/tr_pamb/Model/Users.java
 com.example.tr_pamb.Model.Users
com/example/tr_pamb/Model/Products.java
 com.example.tr_pamb.Model.Products
com/example/tr_pamb/databinding/ActivityAdminCategoryBinding.java
 com.example.tr_pamb.databinding.ActivityAdminCategoryBinding
com/example/tr_pamb/AdminCategoryActivity.java
 com.example.tr_pamb.AdminCategoryActivity
 com.example.tr_pamb.AdminCategoryActivity$1
 com.example.tr_pamb.AdminCategoryActivity$2
 com.example.tr_pamb.AdminCategoryActivity$3
 com.example.tr_pamb.AdminCategoryActivity$4
 com.example.tr_pamb.AdminCategoryActivity$5
 com.example.tr_pamb.AdminCategoryActivity$6
 com.example.tr_pamb.AdminCategoryActivity$7
 com.example.tr_pamb.AdminCategoryActivity$8
 com.example.tr_pamb.AdminCategoryActivity$9
com/example/tr_pamb/databinding/ActivityAdminAddNewProductBinding.java
 com.example.tr_pamb.databinding.ActivityAdminAddNewProductBinding
com/example/tr_pamb/databinding/FragmentGalleryBinding.java
 com.example.tr_pamb.databinding.FragmentGalleryBinding
com/example/tr_pamb/databinding/AppBarHomeBinding.java
 com.example.tr_pamb.databinding.AppBarHomeBinding
Interface/ItemClickListner.java
 Interface.ItemClickListner
com/example/tr_pamb/databinding/NavHeaderHomeBinding.java
 com.example.tr_pamb.databinding.NavHeaderHomeBinding
com/example/tr_pamb/databinding/FragmentHomeBinding.java
 com.example.tr_pamb.databinding.FragmentHomeBinding
com/example/tr_pamb/ui/slideshow/SlideshowFragment.java
 com.example.tr_pamb.ui.slideshow.SlideshowFragment
 com.example.tr_pamb.ui.slideshow.SlideshowFragment$1
com/example/tr_pamb/databinding/FragmentSlideshowBinding.java
 com.example.tr_pamb.databinding.FragmentSlideshowBinding
com/example/tr_pamb/databinding/ActivityHomeBinding.java
 com.example.tr_pamb.databinding.ActivityHomeBinding
com/example/tr_pamb/databinding/ActivityRegisterBinding.java
 com.example.tr_pamb.databinding.ActivityRegisterBinding
ViewHolder/ProductViewHolder.java
 ViewHolder.ProductViewHolder
com/example/tr_pamb/ui/gallery/GalleryViewModel.java
 com.example.tr_pamb.ui.gallery.GalleryViewModel
com/example/tr_pamb/ui/home/HomeViewModel.java
 com.example.tr_pamb.ui.home.HomeViewModel
com/example/tr_pamb/LoginActivity.java
 com.example.tr_pamb.LoginActivity
 com.example.tr_pamb.LoginActivity$1
 com.example.tr_pamb.LoginActivity$2
 com.example.tr_pamb.LoginActivity$3
 com.example.tr_pamb.LoginActivity$4
com/example/tr_pamb/ui/gallery/GalleryFragment.java
 com.example.tr_pamb.ui.gallery.GalleryFragment
 com.example.tr_pamb.ui.gallery.GalleryFragment$1
com/example/tr_pamb/ui/home/HomeFragment.java
 com.example.tr_pamb.ui.home.HomeFragment
 com.example.tr_pamb.ui.home.HomeFragment$1
com/example/tr_pamb/databinding/ActivityMainBinding.java
 com.example.tr_pamb.databinding.ActivityMainBinding
com/example/tr_pamb/BuildConfig.java
 com.example.tr_pamb.BuildConfig
com/example/tr_pamb/AdminAddNewProductActivity.java
 com.example.tr_pamb.AdminAddNewProductActivity
 com.example.tr_pamb.AdminAddNewProductActivity$1
 com.example.tr_pamb.AdminAddNewProductActivity$2
 com.example.tr_pamb.AdminAddNewProductActivity$3
 com.example.tr_pamb.AdminAddNewProductActivity$3$1
 com.example.tr_pamb.AdminAddNewProductActivity$3$2
 com.example.tr_pamb.AdminAddNewProductActivity$4
 com.example.tr_pamb.AdminAddNewProductActivity$5
com/example/tr_pamb/HomeActivity.java
 com.example.tr_pamb.HomeActivity
 com.example.tr_pamb.HomeActivity$1
 com.example.tr_pamb.HomeActivity$2
com/example/tr_pamb/RegisterActivity.java
 com.example.tr_pamb.RegisterActivity
 com.example.tr_pamb.RegisterActivity$1
 com.example.tr_pamb.RegisterActivity$2
 com.example.tr_pamb.RegisterActivity$2$1
com/example/tr_pamb/MainActivity.java
 com.example.tr_pamb.MainActivity
 com.example.tr_pamb.MainActivity$1
 com.example.tr_pamb.MainActivity$2
 com.example.tr_pamb.MainActivity$3
